# KKD
Advanced Car Control System (ACCS).  
This repository contains the files for face recognition and voice command detection systems of ACCS project.  

After the driver enters the car, instead of a conventional key and key slot, a RFID reader is used instead of the key slot and a RFID card is used instead of key (RC 522 RFID Reader/Writer module). After the RFID card is detected by the reader, a seat sensor (Slide switch) is activated only if driver is sitting on the driver seat.
There will be 2 additional safety feature which include seat belt detector(push button) if the driver has buckled the seat belt and another sensor to detect whether the driver is drunken/alcoholic (MQ 3 - Alcohol Gas Sensor Module). This consists of two levels: if the consumed alcoholic amount is very less it will send a positive feedback to the main controller and if the intensity of alcohol is above a particular level it will produce a beep sound and will send a negative feedback to the main controller(Raspberry Pi 4 Model-B 2GB Version).
Our system consists of a face recognizer. Control unit (Raspberry Pi 4 Model-B 2GB Version) after receiving a positive feedback from the above 2 safety features along with the seat sensor, it will recognize the face of the driver and start the engine. The same face detection module will check drowsiness as well as careless driving like using mobile , looking back while driving etc. Along with this face detector there is another module to receive the voice commands and it includes some special features like folding the side view mirror, controlling all four windows, sunroof ,for selecting different driving modes (sport, eco ,comfort ) etc. 
Our project also includes another alert system(SIM800L GSM GPRS Module Core Board Quad-Band TTL Serial Port with the Antenna) for giving an emergency alert to nearby hospital or ambulance service if our vehicle met with an accident. This sensor is activated only if driver seat is active. This sensor will send an alert only if the airbag pops out during the accident.
